YORK TIMES" PETER BAKER. JOE, IT’S GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK.
JOE, IT’S GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK. >> I’LL TELL YOU WHAT, MIKA
>> I’LL TELL YOU WHAT, MIKA COMCAST, IT’S GREAT TO BE HERE.
COMCAST, IT’S GREAT TO BE HERE. IF YOU LOOK AT THE "WASHINGTON
IF YOU LOOK AT THE "WASHINGTON POST" AND EVERYTHING ELSE, HE IS
POST" AND EVERYTHING ELSE, HE IS ON A LOSING STREAK.
ON A LOSING STREAK. I’M SURE MICHAEL WILL TELL YOU
I’M SURE MICHAEL WILL TELL YOU HE’S PROBABLY GOING TO BE
HE’S PROBABLY GOING TO BE CHANNELLING YOGI BERRA WHO WILL
CHANNELLING YOGI BERRA WHO WILL SAY "I AIN’T IN NO SLUMP, I JUST
SAY "I AIN’T IN NO SLUMP, I JUST AIN’T HITTING."
AIN’T HITTING." THE FAILURES ARE OUT THERE FOR
THE FAILURES ARE OUT THERE FOR EVERYBODY TO SEE.
EVERYBODY TO SEE. >> IT’S QUITE SOMETHING.
>> IT’S QUITE SOMETHING. WE’RE GOING TO GET TO THAT IN A
WE’RE GOING TO GET TO THAT IN A MOMENT.
MOMENT. MICHAEL COHEN’S DOCUMENTS HE
MICHAEL COHEN’S DOCUMENTS HE GAVE LAWMAKERS.
GAVE LAWMAKERS. KIRSTJEN NIELSEN QUESTIONED ON
KIRSTJEN NIELSEN QUESTIONED ON BORDER SECURITY AND JOHN KELLY,
BORDER SECURITY AND JOHN KELLY, WHETHER OR NOT HE INTERVENED TO
WHETHER OR NOT HE INTERVENED TO GET SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR HIS
GET SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR HIS DAUGHTER, IVANKA AND SON-IN-LAW
DAUGHTER, IVANKA AND SON-IN-LAW JARED KUSHNER.
JARED KUSHNER. "THE WASHINGTON POST" FRAMES IT
"THE WASHINGTON POST" FRAMES IT AS A LOSING STREAK FOR PRESIDENT
AS A LOSING STREAK FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP ON CORE PROMISES FROM HIS
TRUMP ON CORE PROMISES FROM HIS 2016 CAMPAIGN.
2016 CAMPAIGN. "TRUMP IS LOSING GROUND ON TOP
"TRUMP IS LOSING GROUND ON TOP PRIORITIES TO CURB ILLEGAL
PRIORITIES TO CURB ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, CUT THE TRADE
IMMIGRATION, CUT THE TRADE DEFICIT AND BLUNT NORTH KOREA’S
DEFICIT AND BLUNT NORTH KOREA’S THREAT -- SETBACKS THAT
THREAT -- SETBACKS THAT COMPLICATE HIS PLANNED
COMPLICATE HIS PLANNED REELECTION MESSAGE AS A CAN-DO
REELECTION MESSAGE AS A CAN-DO PRESIDENT WHO IS MAKING HISTORIC
PRESIDENT WHO IS MAKING HISTORIC PROGRESS.
PROGRESS. SATELLITE IMAGES APPEAR TO SHOW
SATELLITE IMAGES APPEAR TO SHOW THAT KIM IS REBUILDING A LONG
THAT KIM IS REBUILDING A LONG RANGE ROCKET SITE.
RANGE ROCKET SITE. FEBRUARY HAD THE HIGHEST TOTAL
FEBRUARY HAD THE HIGHEST TOTAL NUMBER OF UNDOCUMENTED
NUMBER OF UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS CROSSING THE BORDER
IMMIGRANTS CROSSING THE BORDER IN 12 YEARS, SHOWING A FAILURE
IN 12 YEARS, SHOWING A FAILURE IN TRUMP’S PROMISE TO SECURE THE
IN TRUMP’S PROMISE TO SECURE THE BORDER NEARLY 800 DAYS INTO HIS
BORDER NEARLY 800 DAYS INTO HIS PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. AND ON WEDNESDAY THE COMMERCE
AND ON WEDNESDAY THE COMMERCE DEPARTMENT SAID THE U.S. TRADE
DEPARTMENT SAID THE U.S. TRADE DEFICIT IN 2018 WENT ABOVE $891
DEFICIT IN 2018 WENT ABOVE $891 BILLION IN MERCHANDISE, THE
BILLION IN MERCHANDISE, THE LARGEST IN THE NATION’S 243-YEAR
LARGEST IN THE NATION’S 243-YEAR HISTORY DUE IN LARGE PART TO
HISTORY DUE IN LARGE PART TO TRUMP’S TRADE WAR.
TRUMP’S TRADE WAR. I DON’T KNOW HOW HE SPINS IT,
I DON’T KNOW HOW HE SPINS IT, HE’LL TRY, BUT IT’S NOT LOOKING
HE’LL TRY, BUT IT’S NOT LOOKING GOOD.
GOOD. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. WHAT’S SO FASCINATING ABOUT
WHAT’S SO FASCINATING ABOUT THESE AREA, ABOUT DONALD TRUMP,
THESE AREA, ABOUT DONALD TRUMP, THESE POLICY AREAS, WE OFTEN
THESE POLICY AREAS, WE OFTEN TALK ABOUT HOW DONALD TRUMP JUST
TALK ABOUT HOW DONALD TRUMP JUST ADOPTED THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
ADOPTED THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. HE JUST PRETENDED TO BE
HE JUST PRETENDED TO BE CONSERVATIVE.
CONSERVATIVE. FOR INSTANCE, HIS FLIP FLOPPED
FOR INSTANCE, HIS FLIP FLOPPED ON GUN CONTROL.
ON GUN CONTROL. HE WAS A VERY AGGRESSIVE
HE WAS A VERY AGGRESSIVE ADVOCATE OF GUN CONTROL FOR MOST
ADVOCATE OF GUN CONTROL FOR MOST OF HIS LIFE AND SUDDENLY HE
OF HIS LIFE AND SUDDENLY HE DECIDED HE WAS GOING TO BE
DECIDED HE WAS GOING TO BE REPUBLICAN AND CHANGED.
REPUBLICAN AND CHANGED. HE WAS VERY MUCH A BELIEVER IN
HE WAS VERY MUCH A BELIEVER IN CHOICE FOR WOMEN ON ABORTION.
CHOICE FOR WOMEN ON ABORTION. HE WAS PRO-CHOICE ALL OF HIS
HE WAS PRO-CHOICE ALL OF HIS LIFE.
LIFE. THAT CHANGED.
THAT CHANGED. BUT, WILLIE, WHAT WE HAVE HERE
BUT, WILLIE, WHAT WE HAVE HERE IS GRAND FAILURE ON THE CORE
IS GRAND FAILURE ON THE CORE VALUES DONALD TRUMP HAS ALWAYS
VALUES DONALD TRUMP HAS ALWAYS BELIEVED IN.
BELIEVED IN. CUP TALK ABOUT IMMIGRATION AND
CUP TALK ABOUT IMMIGRATION AND HIS ANTI-IMMIGRANT ZEAL.
HIS ANTI-IMMIGRANT ZEAL. HOW MUCH IT HAS STAIN DONALD
HOW MUCH IT HAS STAIN DONALD TRUMP THIS MORNING REALIZING
TRUMP THIS MORNING REALIZING THAT BARACK OBAMA FIXED THE
THAT BARACK OBAMA FIXED THE PROBLEM HE INHERITED FROM GEORGE
PROBLEM HE INHERITED FROM GEORGE W. BUSH AND FOR EIGHT YEARS
W. BUSH AND FOR EIGHT YEARS ILLEGAL BORDER CROSSINGS WENT
ILLEGAL BORDER CROSSINGS WENT WORSE.
WORSE. BARACK OBAMA MADE THE SITUATION
BARACK OBAMA MADE THE SITUATION BETTER EVERY SINGLE YEAR.
BETTER EVERY SINGLE YEAR. NOW THIS YEAR OF COURSE BECAUSE
NOW THIS YEAR OF COURSE BECAUSE OF DROT’S POLICIES, AND -- DRFTD
OF DROT’S POLICIES, AND -- DRFTD TRUMP’S POLICIES, IT’S GETTING
TRUMP’S POLICIES, IT’S GETTING WORSE YEAR AFTER YEAR.
WORSE YEAR AFTER YEAR. HERE WE HAVE THE LARGEST TRADE
HERE WE HAVE THE LARGEST TRADE DEFICIT, THE LARGEST IN AMERICAN
DEFICIT, THE LARGEST IN AMERICAN HISTORY, JUST LIKE THE FEDERAL
HISTORY, JUST LIKE THE FEDERAL DEBT.
DEBT. HE PROMISED TO BALANCE THE
HE PROMISED TO BALANCE THE BUDGET.
BUDGET. NO, IT’S EXPLODED TO RECORD
NO, IT’S EXPLODED TO RECORD LEVELS.
LEVELS. WE ALSO HAVE THE LARGEST FEDERAL
WE ALSO HAVE THE LARGEST FEDERAL OVERALL DEBT IN AMERICAN
OVERALL DEBT IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
HISTORY. HE’S NOT JUST DOING WORSE THAN
HE’S NOT JUST DOING WORSE THAN BARACK OBAMA, HE’S DOING WORSE
BARACK OBAMA, HE’S DOING WORSE THAN EVERY AMERICAN PRESIDENT
THAN EVERY AMERICAN PRESIDENT AND HE’S ACTUALLY SCREWING UP A
AND HE’S ACTUALLY SCREWING UP A BORDER SITUATION THAT BARACK
BORDER SITUATION THAT BARACK OBAMA’S ADMINISTRATION IMPROVED
OBAMA’S ADMINISTRATION IMPROVED MARKEDLY AND THEY DID SO WHILE
MARKEDLY AND THEY DID SO WHILE BEING HUMANITARIAN ABOUT IT.
BEING HUMANITARIAN ABOUT IT. >> FIRST OF ALL, JOE, IT’S GREAT
>> FIRST OF ALL, JOE, IT’S GREAT TO HAVE YOU BACK WITH US AT THE
TO HAVE YOU BACK WITH US AT THE TABLE.
TABLE. THINKING ABOUT YOU ALL WEEK.
THINKING ABOUT YOU ALL WEEK. TO YOUR POINTS, ALL THREE OF
TO YOUR POINTS, ALL THREE OF THESE AREAS, NORTH KOREA, AFRAID
THESE AREAS, NORTH KOREA, AFRAID AND THE BORDER SPEAK TO DONALD
AND THE BORDER SPEAK TO DONALD TRUMP’S "ART OF THE DEAL"
TRUMP’S "ART OF THE DEAL" FALLING APART.
FALLING APART. HE SOLD HIMSELF AS THE MASTER
HE SOLD HIMSELF AS THE MASTER NEGOTIATOR, MASTER DEAL MAKER.
NEGOTIATOR, MASTER DEAL MAKER. HE SAID WE’RE GOING TO STOP
HE SAID WE’RE GOING TO STOP GETTING RIPPED OFF BY CHINA.
GETTING RIPPED OFF BY CHINA. HE WAS GOING TO GET IN A ROOM
HE WAS GOING TO GET IN A ROOM AND BY FORCE OF PERSONALITY TO
AND BY FORCE OF PERSONALITY TO GET KIM JONG UN ON BOARD AND KIM
GET KIM JONG UN ON BOARD AND KIM JONG UN LEAVES HANOI AND GOES
JONG UN LEAVES HANOI AND GOES RIGHT BACK TO EXPANDING HIS
RIGHT BACK TO EXPANDING HIS NUCLEAR SITE.
NUCLEAR SITE. SO THE BEG SALES PITCHIG SALES P
SO THE BEG SALES PITCHIG SALES P MASTER NEGOTIATOR HAS NOT PAID
MASTER NEGOTIATOR HAS NOT PAID OFF.
OFF. AND PETER, FROM THE POINT OF
AND PETER, FROM THE POINT OF VIEW FROM THE WHITE HOUSE, DO
VIEW FROM THE WHITE HOUSE, DO THEY FEEL THEY’RE ON A LOSING
THEY FEEL THEY’RE ON A LOSING STREAK?
STREAK? THE NBC POLL HAS HIM AT 46%
THE NBC POLL HAS HIM AT 46% APPROVAL.
APPROVAL. >> 46% IS ON THE HIGH END OF THE
>> 46% IS ON THE HIGH END OF THE BAND THAT HE’S BEEN IN FOR THESE
BAND THAT HE’S BEEN IN FOR THESE TWO YEARS.
TWO YEARS. SO IN SOME WAY THEY’RE FEELING
SO IN SOME WAY THEY’RE FEELING UP.
UP. THERE ARE WHAT THEY WOULD POINT
THERE ARE WHAT THEY WOULD POINT TO AS POSITIVE INDICATORS.
TO AS POSITIVE INDICATORS. THE PRESIDENT HAD A NUMBER OF
THE PRESIDENT HAD A NUMBER OF PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THE LABOR
PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THE LABOR SHORTAGE SAYING THERE ARE NOT
SHORTAGE SAYING THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH AMERICANS FOR THE JOBS.
ENOUGH AMERICANS FOR THE JOBS. THAT’S GOOD NEWS COMPARED TO
THAT’S GOOD NEWS COMPARED TO WHERE WE WERE A FEW YEARS AGO.
WHERE WE WERE A FEW YEARS AGO. THEY’LL POINT TO NOT ONLY THE
THEY’LL POINT TO NOT ONLY THE RISING ECONOMY, THEY’LL POINT TO
RISING ECONOMY, THEY’LL POINT TO THE ELIMINATION OF ISIS IN THE
THE ELIMINATION OF ISIS IN THE LAST FEW WEEKS AND MONTHS.
LAST FEW WEEKS AND MONTHS. THE PRESIDENT YESTERDAY HAD A
THE PRESIDENT YESTERDAY HAD A HOSTAGE NAMED DANNY BIRCH INTO
HOSTAGE NAMED DANNY BIRCH INTO THE OVAL OFFICE WHO JUST GOT
THE OVAL OFFICE WHO JUST GOT RESCUED IN YEMEN.
RESCUED IN YEMEN. THE DRAW BACKS AND THE SETBACKS
THE DRAW BACKS AND THE SETBACKS WE’RE TALKING ABOUT HERE, THEY
WE’RE TALKING ABOUT HERE, THEY CHARACTERIZE AS TEMPORARY OR AS
CHARACTERIZE AS TEMPORARY OR AS A RESULT OF OTHER PEOPLE’S
A RESULT OF OTHER PEOPLE’S ISSUES, PARTICULARLY DEMOCRATS
ISSUES, PARTICULARLY DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS FOR FAILING TO WORK
IN CONGRESS FOR FAILING TO WORK WITH THE PRESIDENT AND FOCUSING
WITH THE PRESIDENT AND FOCUSING ON INVESTIGATIONS RATHER THAN
ON INVESTIGATIONS RATHER THAN PROGRESS.
PROGRESS. EVERYBODY HAS THEIR OWN
EVERYBODY HAS THEIR OWN NARRATIVE.
NARRATIVE. WHEN A PRESIDENT GETS IN
WHEN A PRESIDENT GETS IN TROUBLE, THERE’S USUALLY
TROUBLE, THERE’S USUALLY SOMETHING THEY CAN POINT TO BUT
SOMETHING THEY CAN POINT TO BUT THE QUESTION IS WHETHER IT
THE QUESTION IS WHETHER IT ULTIMATELY DRAGS DOWN THE PUBLIC
ULTIMATELY DRAGS DOWN THE PUBLIC VIEW OF HOW THAT PRESIDENT IS
VIEW OF HOW THAT PRESIDENT IS DOING.
DOING. >> PETER, LAST WEEK WE HAD ON
>> PETER, LAST WEEK WE HAD ON THE REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR OF SOUTH
THE REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR OF SOUTH DAKOTA COMPLAINING ABOUT THE
DAKOTA COMPLAINING ABOUT THE FACT THAT THE TRADE WARMS WERE
FACT THAT THE TRADE WARMS WERE REALLY DAMAGING HER FARMERS
REALLY DAMAGING HER FARMERS ACROSS THE STATE AND URGING THE
ACROSS THE STATE AND URGING THE PRESIDENT TO BRING IT TO A
PRESIDENT TO BRING IT TO A RESOLUTION, THESE NUMBERS
RESOLUTION, THESE NUMBERS SHOWING A MASSIVE TRADE DEFICIT,
SHOWING A MASSIVE TRADE DEFICIT, A RECORD DEFICIT WILL PUT
A RECORD DEFICIT WILL PUT PRESSURE ON THE PRESIDENT AS
PRESSURE ON THE PRESIDENT AS WELL, A NARRATIVE THAT HE HATES.
WELL, A NARRATIVE THAT HE HATES. WHAT ARE THE CHANCES THIS WILL
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES THIS WILL MOVE DONALD TRUMP CLOSER TO
MOVE DONALD TRUMP CLOSER TO STRIKING A DEAL WITH THE
STRIKING A DEAL WITH THE CHINESE, A GLOBAL DEAL -- SORT
CHINESE, A GLOBAL DEAL -- SORT OF A GLOBAL SO TO SPEAK WITH
OF A GLOBAL SO TO SPEAK WITH CHINA TRADE DEAL?
CHINA TRADE DEAL? >> THE IRONY IS HIS TARIFF WAR
>> THE IRONY IS HIS TARIFF WAR WITH CHINA HAS DEPRESSED THE
WITH CHINA HAS DEPRESSED THE CHINESE ECONOMY, WHICH MEANS
CHINESE ECONOMY, WHICH MEANS THAT THEY’RE NOT BUYING OUR
THAT THEY’RE NOT BUYING OUR PRODUCTS NEARLY AS MUCH AS THEY
PRODUCTS NEARLY AS MUCH AS THEY WERE.
WERE. MOST ECONOMISTS SAY THERE ARE A
MOST ECONOMISTS SAY THERE ARE A VARIETY OF FACTORS ALSO PLAYING
VARIETY OF FACTORS ALSO PLAYING INTO THAT IN A ARE NOT DRPT’S
INTO THAT IN A ARE NOT DRPT’S RESPONSIBILITY AND THEY SAY THAT
RESPONSIBILITY AND THEY SAY THAT THE TRADE DEFICIT IS NOT THE BE
THE TRADE DEFICIT IS NOT THE BE ALL AND END ALL MEASURE L WOOR
ALL AND END ALL MEASURE L WOOR DOING WELL AS AN ECONOMY.
DOING WELL AS AN ECONOMY. THE PRESIDENT CHARACTERIZES THE
THE PRESIDENT CHARACTERIZES THE TRADE DEFICIT AS A IMAGINE
TRADE DEFICIT AS A IMAGINE PROBLEM SO BY THE HEN MET TRK,
PROBLEM SO BY THE HEN MET TRK, THE MET TRK HES WILL SET, HE
THE MET TRK HES WILL SET, HE OBVIOUSLY IS NOT SUCCEEDING
OBVIOUSLY IS NOT SUCCEEDING BECAUSE IT’S HIGHER THAN EVER.
BECAUSE IT’S HIGHER THAN EVER. THINK IT DOES PUT PRESSURE ON
THINK IT DOES PUT PRESSURE ON THE PRESIDENT TO GO AHEAD AND
THE PRESIDENT TO GO AHEAD AND CUT A DEAL WITH THE CHINESE.
CUT A DEAL WITH THE CHINESE. WE ASKED THE PRESIDENT IN THE
WE ASKED THE PRESIDENT IN THE OVAL OFFICE HOW THE TALKS WITH
OVAL OFFICE HOW THE TALKS WITH GOING WITH CHINA.
GOING WITH CHINA. HE SAID THEY’RE MOVING ALONG AND
HE SAID THEY’RE MOVING ALONG AND HE EXPECTS THERE TO BE A DEAL.
HE EXPECTS THERE TO BE A DEAL. HE DOES SEEM TO BE MOVING TOWARD
HE DOES SEEM TO BE MOVING TOWARD RESOLUTION ON PERHAPS SOME OF
RESOLUTION ON PERHAPS SOME OF THIS TARIFF WAR.
THIS TARIFF WAR. >> BASED UPON YOUR REPORTINGS
>> BASED UPON YOUR REPORTINGS AND OBSERVATIONS COVERING THE
AND OBSERVATIONS COVERING THE WHITE HOUSE, ARE WE ON THE EDGE
WHITE HOUSE, ARE WE ON THE EDGE OR INTO THE PROCESS HERE TO WHAT
OR INTO THE PROCESS HERE TO WHAT THE PRESIDENT HAS REVERTED TO
THE PRESIDENT HAS REVERTED TO WHAT HE’S ALWAYS BEEN, A SOLO
WHAT HE’S ALWAYS BEEN, A SOLO OPERATOR?
OPERATOR? IN TRUMP TOWER, WITH THE
IN TRUMP TOWER, WITH THE THINNING OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE
THINNING OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE STAFF, HOW MANY PEOPLE
STAFF, HOW MANY PEOPLE SURROUNDING THE PRESIDENT OF THE
SURROUNDING THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES DOES HE LISTEN TO
UNITED STATES DOES HE LISTEN TO OR ARE WE INTO A PROCESS WHERE
OR ARE WE INTO A PROCESS WHERE IT’S ONLY THE PRESIDENT WHOSE
IT’S ONLY THE PRESIDENT WHOSE OPINION AND VIEW COUNTS AND HE
OPINION AND VIEW COUNTS AND HE CARRIED FORWARD WITH VERY LITTLE
CARRIED FORWARD WITH VERY LITTLE INSIGHT FROM ANYBODY ELSE?
INSIGHT FROM ANYBODY ELSE? >> IT DOES SEEM HE’S SURROUNDED
>> IT DOES SEEM HE’S SURROUNDED HE’S DAYS WITH FEWER CONTRARIAN
HE’S DAYS WITH FEWER CONTRARIAN VOICES, FEWER PEOPLE WHO ARE
VOICES, FEWER PEOPLE WHO ARE SEEKING TO CHANGE HIMSELF MIND
SEEKING TO CHANGE HIMSELF MIND OR GIVE HIM ALTERNATE POINTS OF
OR GIVE HIM ALTERNATE POINTS OF VIEW OR ALTERNATE HEREIES OF THE
VIEW OR ALTERNATE HEREIES OF THE CASE.
CASE. THE PEOPLE HE PUT AROUND HIM ARE
THE PEOPLE HE PUT AROUND HIM ARE PEOPLE WHO WILL REINFORCE HIS
PEOPLE WHO WILL REINFORCE HIS IDEAS.
IDEAS. AND MANY OF THE TITLES HAVE
AND MANY OF THE TITLES HAVE "ACTING" BEFORE THEM, WHICH
"ACTING" BEFORE THEM, WHICH DIDN’T GIVE THEM THE CONFIDENCE
DIDN’T GIVE THEM THE CONFIDENCE TO HAVE SOMEBODY STAND UP TO THE
TO HAVE SOMEBODY STAND UP TO THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. ACTING MEANS YOU’RE ON THE HOOK
ACTING MEANS YOU’RE ON THE HOOK AT ALL TIMES.
AT ALL TIMES. HE SAYS HE LIKES THAT, HE WANTS
HE SAYS HE LIKES THAT, HE WANTS PEOPLE TO BE MORE BEHOLDEN TO
PEOPLE TO BE MORE BEHOLDEN TO HIM WITHOUT THE KIND OF